README.md, before:

# Discord-Management-Bot

- This is an engineering project that I will submit as part of my final year graduation project as a Computer Science student at the University of Portsmouth.
- README to be updated.

# To-Do-List

- Fix HTML/CSS on both pages
- Fix security question input (hide/show)
- Add custom security question functionality
- Fix the progress decision role updater functionality
- Add (potentially) abbreviations feature, CS: Computer Science etc.

- Additional functionality yet to be added (need more data to do it). For example:
  - If student withdraws, or changes course, etc.
  - Students optional Modules

# Completed tasks

- Fix issue with duplicate first/last names (DONE)
- Change the client side from input into drag and drop file for CSV (DONE)
- Finish working on the botCSVUpdate discord.js function to update roles (DONE)
  - Make sure to remove a users old rank when giving them new one (DONE)
- Delete old CSV files when new one is uploaded (DONE)
- Test requirements (DONE)

# Install
1) Run npm install
2) Run npm start
3) Navigate to localhost:3000 in your browser

Commit message:

Fixed CSV customization feature and more bugs

README.md, after:

# Discord-Management-Bot

- This is an engineering project that I will submit as part of my final year graduation project as a Computer Science student at the University of Portsmouth.
- README to be updated.

# To-Do-List

- Make sure code works when security option enabled and is included in CSV file
- Add client side validations for things like turning security mode on requiring you to have a question etc.
- Make code more reusable
- Add custom security question functionality
- Add (potentially) abbreviations feature, CS: Computer Science etc.
- Change the bot verification methods from regular text or (!text) to actual bot commands
- When comparing message array to the object results, make it break as soon as one option does not match, instead of having it loop through every single object waiting for it to reach 5 match count.

- Additional functionality yet to be added (need more data to do it). For example:
  - If student withdraws, or changes course, etc.
  - Students optional Modules

# Completed tasks

- Fix issue with duplicate first/last names (DONE)
- Change the client side from input into drag and drop file for CSV (DONE)
- Finish working on the botCSVUpdate discord.js function to update roles (DONE)
  - Make sure to remove a users old rank when giving them new one (DONE)
- Delete old CSV files when new one is uploaded (DONE)
- Test requirements (DONE)

# Install

1. Run npm install
2. Run npm start
3. Navigate to localhost:3000 in your browser
